this show is sponsored by expressvpn
stop putting your online data at risk
get protected at expressvpn.com
funhouse is this overwatch
yes before we select characters i want
to be the gorilla
what i learned from alfredo let me
distill it down for you real quick
okay uh you yell a lot about mid and
heaven
and uh far pushing hard you know you
guys say things like that
are we i need to drop defending or
attacking
we are defending it says defenders by
face right
sure does what is a buy phase by phase
you buy guns it's when you experiment in
college
so no one's at a in the map you're over
here
oh yeah okay well i'm dead okay
we needed fiona heaven
what is happening mid mid we're about to
go
what does this orb do uh
i was staring at the album they might
just be going to a
that's what i think yeah yeah look at
them going i thought that i thought that
too i thought i thought that first they
were going to a so yeah
totally a lot of private chat yeah
i put a bomb in our spawn my bag i love
that for us
no it doesn't hurt anybody it just does
this
i hear them i hear them okay i might
actually wow they killed that quick
i don't know what the things do i'm
learning nice orbs
that person has four kills oh adam yes
clutch
that reload okay i don't see anyone i
don't know no
no there they are that maybe wasn't a
thing that i should have done are they
going to be
i haven't have in heaven what does orb
do what does heaven mean
heaven means up like up top
up top i guess oh [__] she's right there
she's behind her
remaining adam i think the bullets
killed me heaven was just a venue
no not there oh no i'm gonna die i'm
gonna die i'm gonna
okay awesome okay okay
i think they're to the left right here
yeah yep
nice nice nice
nice nice steal their guns
we did yeah steal their guns so like
here's an orb and here's another orb
here's an they look the same run go
all right they're throwing the poison
around that corner again wow they're
really
never pushing a that's great um yeah
they're at the exact same place they
were before
there's a drone or something coming it
looks lost he was surprisingly hard to
catch
oh my god i almost died holy [__] oh god
clutch thank you i'm learning to heal
well they're around the other side
we might be able to push here ryan he
just
threw like naruto's wind attack
okay let me get out of there oh god
well we won we won though no a lot
[Music]
and it was because of us guys i feel
like they're gonna push a one day and
it's just gonna be a disaster
yeah i doubt it you don't i don't know
if they will
guys they're pushing a holy [__] you're
joking okay
let's flank them oh ryan i'm going okay
oh omens there he took the spike uh
there's two of us here
okay and i'm down oh boy i have a long
way to run to get to where you guys are
okay pull out your knife that's a good
suggestion oh [__]
damn it this is how you want it ryan
this is where you like to be
this is this is yes definitely where i
like to be with them
knowing oh yes
oh that was disgusting i loved it nice
unbelievable
was that all of them no there's one more
no there's one more look at you [__]
ghosts
watch out for that bomb no no no no no
no no the spike
get the spectacles i'm going where's the
spike got it
four i'm gonna die i'm gonna die
oh my god
oh you were a second league
i like that this gameplay is just us
learning how to play this game
in real time i think this round will be
ours
this one okay i feel like i'm getting
worse
yeah ryan ryan they have to come to us
yeah
so i'm gonna put this camera up here and
then we'll be able to just look
yeah you let me know oh that's fiona i
see fiona is what i see
oh he's right there right there adam
right there how dare he moved oh
oh so you have to stay completely still
you have to stay well not completely but
you have to not
move as much because the shots go spray
interesting
oh like real war oh one of my things
just went off
oh watch out that's okay we were gonna
lose anyway
all right who's got the spike i do
adam's got a spike
where you want to go air b uh spike do
you want to push
uh a let's push it let's push here i
want you guys to look at the map right
now after you say
let's push it can you please what are
you gonna do
alone
oh ah no let me live
[Music]
oh that's clutch oh god adam they're
coming for you
[__] [__] damn it
should've just stayed alive oh [__]
match point do i have this bike
yes oh yeah you do a lot of okay
where are we i'll protect you okay we'll
go here oh [__]
oh they're around that corner here comes
somebody
okay i see jet jets like in the corner
oh over there
and we got one down to the right to
fiona
i got one yep you sure did we need to
not go this way probably
oh
wait be careful there's another thing
here
let me get her there's someone over here
adam okay
he just
so we split up that last time in like a
functional way
okay do you want to do that do you want
to kiss yeah i'm gonna go to a again
yeah let's keep doing it
okay uh be careful whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
okay behind me james behind [__] did
they adam got two okay there's one up
there there's another one
whoa
two of them around that corner fiona
yeah but you might be able to help them
out um
yeah yeah i'm gonna jump up here
okay they're they're up in heaven i
think yep sure are yeah that's what i
was gonna say
they will be when we're done with them
uh directly through that that corridor
straight ahead of you they're good james
yeah nice
pop this trap
you had a tripwire that i guess you went
over it there there he is oh [__]
up there i killed him i killed him
oh another one to the right damn it oh
my god
[__] [__] reloading god damn it he's
still in here
there's so many still here james clutch
james clutch come on oh that's cool
nice james they're going to be in front
of you and behind you
ah the reload really gets you i'm done
for another
yeah i hate myself but let's do it let's
do it let's do it
away hold on ryan ryan wait i'm just
grabbing this how slow it goes
nice get her you can spire things at her
i did i missed okay okay hold on
oh there's a guy oh well that's all
right it's all right oh [__]
another one that was a good play good
flank fiona's got the spike falls back
i'm gonna i'm gonna push b and i can go
super fast
there you know what you can't see me i'm
gonna give you one of these
what does that mean i have no idea what
this does okay
well it's a stem beacon though get
stemmed get high on my supply
dude we love stems i think oh it makes
us speedy
maybe i think it makes you shoot faster
cool
well i don't know if it does smokes are
down
oh wow well shooting faster did nothing
i shot that guy a lot but not in the
face you guys both died
yeah be careful he's over there to the
left waiting for us this time watch this
no no oh james that was awesome
oh [__] i don't know how to get rid of
it
okay i'm throwing it i'm just gonna
throw it done
i think you can change it with the mouse
wheel or the
yeah it's fine it worked out it worked
out i'm gonna do great
okay 1v3 you got this
thrown in tell me what you see dronie
there he is there he is oh right there
hold on
he's right up around the corner
what you doing that fiona oh i killed
someone
nice it was like you just look like
you're standing there but actually oh
yeah i was
just waiting here i think i hear other
side
whoa that obliterated you i don't know
if i want ooh
nice oh behind us
[__] she killed herself got it got it
got it
just plant just plain
of the century all right here's what we
do we push
a we push a and then we cut through the
sewers to b
yes that's smart i love that now they'll
think we're going that way
yeah totally yeah but we ain't phase two
is ready
initiate oh big shot okay
okay that's a race mid-bottom
oh what uh sewers watch out adam ah
there's one up where i dropped the spike
oh nice james
[Laughter]
well i really took advantage
yeah me too that's a pistol round for me
saving up for that guardian i like it i
like it
i just spent my money i'm terrible with
fun i spend it every time
it's not it's not going to gather
interest i got no reason
take flight okay i am 19
i'm uh 19 health i will die but you know
for the third day i don't know that i
could get to you in time [__] nope
you're fine i'm dead oh
yeah he's above adam he's above coming
around
above like heaven be out there
oh [__] damn two of them
just hanging out behind barriers like a
bunch of notes oh boy i wish bullets
would hit what i'm
far yeah
this is fun you're having fun this is
fun is this this is what fun is this is
yes this is living we're living
oh yeah smoke the entrance oh they're
coming mid
yeah they're not here okay i'm gonna try
to flank sewers and if i die you'll know
i'm capturing it all so you know just
having a good time easing into the round
you know
no coming mid coming mid they'll be
heaven to be
they'll be happy nice
oh i got two someone else right
oh yeah nice nice job
see we just needed a warm up oh smash
point again guys
this is where we do our best work okay i
think coming to b
and i'm the only one at b yeah i'm
coming i'm coming you don't see them
james
no no one at a time yeah i just died at
b
oh what they're both oh two mid
too big
yeah i died oh
that was that scene uh whatever i did
last game that i did okay i did not do
this game
can someone just describe to me what
what is it what does the graphic look
like when you win just i mean just
it's green or like a turquoise yeah that
sounds amazing
who wants to play overwatch i'm probably
going to play a mobile game that's just
me against nobody
all right i'm gonna go jump out and try
and kill you hey alfredo look over here
oh hey whoa you look tactical i see you
i try
oh you thought i was shooting something
9-1-1 i just witnessed the murder i saw
it all go down i will testify in court
not if you don't make it to court